Zealous Onyx Alligator

medium

# `FootiumClub` not implementing EIP2981 which may result in a loss of royalties

## Summary

When selling players, the protocol is collecting royalties, since `FootiumPlayer.sol` is implementing the EIP2981 standard. However users can bypass paying royalties by bulk selling/purchasing players, since `FootiumClub.sol` is not implementing the EIP2981 standard. Additionally, in general no royalties are collected when selling `FootiumClub` nfts due to the missing EIP2981 implementation.

## Vulnerability Detail

The contract `FootiumPlayer` is implementing the EIP2981 standard in order to collect royalties when a player is bought or sold (line 19 and line 95-100 in FootiumPlayer.sol).

However, the contract `FootiumClub` is lacking the implementation of the EIP2981 standard, so no royalties can be collected (line 14-20 in FootiumClub.sol).

[EIP2981 summary](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-2981): 
> A standardized way to retrieve royalty payment information for non-fungible tokens (NFTs) to enable universal support for royalty payments across all NFT marketplaces and ecosystem participants.

## Impact

1. Users may bypass paying royalties by bulk purchasing or selling players:
A user may bypass paying royalties when buying/selling players by just buying/selling the player's club instead.

1. Loss of royalties for the protocol:
No royalties are collected when `FootiumClub` nfts are bought/sold. As of [this comment from the protocol designer](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-footium-judging/issues/293#issuecomment-1559800052), it is intended that the EIP2981 standard should be implemented into the `FootiumClub` contract, so that on club sale, royalties will be paid back to the protocol.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-footium/blob/main/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumClub.sol#L14-L20

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-footium/blob/main/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumPlayer.sol#L19

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-footium/blob/main/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumPlayer.sol#L95-L100

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider implementing the EIP2981 standard into the `FootiumClub` contract similar to how it is implemented into the `FootiumPlayer` contract in order to avoid a loss of royalties for the protocol.