Jovial Coral Liger

medium

# Issue M-1: A User can Lose his Payment for Future Features cause there is no check to validate the Message the user sends in the makePayment Function.

## Summary

Any user can lose the payment they made for future features using the ```makePayment``` cause this function doesn't check the message the user sends to make the payment.

## Vulnerability Detail

***I'm reporting this issue cause the Readme file doesn't specify whether the message is predefined or if it's sent by the platform to avoid user mistakes.***

The documentation mentions that the function ```makePayment``` is used to make a payment in ETH for future features, so any user can call this function by sending a ```_clubId``` and ```_message``` variable plus the payment in ETH, the function then checks the sender is the owner of the club and the ```msg.value``` is greater than 0 to accept the payment from the user, but it doesn't check the if the message sent is correct or it can be matched to a valid item/feature, this can be problematic for any user if they make a very common and basic mistake that anyone makes: making a typo while typing the message.

let's give an example:

1. A user wants to pay for a new feature for his club in the Foomtium platform.
2. Then he calls the function ```makePayment``` sending his ```_clubId``` the value of 1 ETH  and a message.
3. The user isn't aware that he has to follow a specified format for the message, or even if he is aware he can make a typo while typing the message sent to the function, so the message sent to the function doesn't match any available/future feature in the platform.
4. The function ```makePayment``` checks that the user is the owner of the club and the value sent is greater than 0, but it doesn't validate that the message sent by the user is valid so the contract accepts the user's payment.
5. Then when the user tries to get the new feature for his club, this isn't gonna be a valid feature and the user is gonna be unable to get the new feature, causing the loss of funds for the user.

This is a very common mistake that any user can make, causing problems for the user and the platform.

## Impact

Any user can lose the funds used to pay for a feature in the Footium contract.

Medium: cause even when a mistake like making a typo is very common everywhere, it depends on a user's mistake, but this would cause a bad experience for users with the platform and they could spread these bad experiences, which would affect the Footium brand.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-footium/blob/main/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumGeneralPaymentContract.sol#L84-L107

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

In the function ```makePayment``` validate that the message sent by the user is valid or it can be matched to a valid item/feature.
