Clever Neon Toad

high

# Users can claim prizes which exceed the prize allocated for them

## Summary

User controlled input allows users to steal another users's prize tokens or ETH from `FootiumPrizeDistributor`

## Vulnerability Detail

The contract `FootiumPrizeDistributor` has a payable `receive` meaning anyone can sent ETH to it. Users can claim prizes allocated to them via the methods `claimERC20Prize` and `claimETHPrize`. For this attack scenario I will focus on `claimETHPrize` but `claimERC20Prize` is exploitable in the same way.

In `claimETHPrize` the amount the caller will receive as his prize is calculated in the following way

```solidity
// The amount to be claimed is the difference between the total amount
// and the amount already claimed.
// This means that the amount passed in the function call is the total
// amount that was ever earned by the user.

uint256 value = _amount - totalETHClaimed[_to];
```
I left the comments intentionally. As mentioned in them, the param `_amount` has to be the total amount of ETH ever earned by the user yet this param is user controlled, meaning the caller can pass any arbitrary amount of ETH even if he already claimed what is allocated to him. `MerkleProofUpgradeable.verify` takes the `_amount` as third parameter or the `leaf` parameter. The prize distribution merkle root is created off chain, so I can not be sure how it is going to be created, but this issue is definitely worth mentioning in order to avoid potential loss of funds. In the recommendations section I will highlight what should be taken in consideration when creating the root.

```solidity
if (
!MerkleProofUpgradeable.verify(
_proof,
ethMerkleRoot,
keccak256(abi.encode(_to, _amount))
)
) {
revert  InvalidETHMerkleProof();
}
```

The `leaf` containing information such as user address and claim `_amount` , suggests that each leaf represents a specific claim.

 Hence ,the following scenario is possible.

Let's say that Alice and Bob have prizes to claim from `FootiumPrizeDistributor`, each prize worth 1 ETH. The contract's balance is 2 ETH.

1. Alice calls `claimETHPrize` and provides `proof` and passes in 1 ETH as the `_amount`
2.  Then, although she does not have more prize claimable, she calls `claimETHPrize` with `_amount` = 2.
3. Now `value` becomes 2 - 1(already claimed by her) = 1.
4. Because Bob's prize is in the contract or in other words the contract balance allows the operation to happen, Alice receives another 1 ETH.
5. Bob calls `claimETHPrize` but the call reverts because there is not enough ETH in the contract


## Impact

High, as this leads to direct loss of funds for other users which prizes are available in the contract and have not yet been claimed by them.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-footium/blob/main/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumPrizeDistributor.sol#L139-L142;

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-footium/blob/main/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumPrizeDistributor.sol#L184-L190;


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Each leaf node in the Merkle tree should represent the total cumulative amount a user is entitled to claim up to a certain point in time, and not just a single claim.
