Creamy Obsidian Gibbon

high

# FootiumClub::ERC721Upgradeable/Pausable Cannot pause transfers on FootiumClub NFT

## Summary
Pausing FootiumClub only pauses the calls to `safeMint` and not transfers. This means that when paused, clubs can still be traded on secondary markets such as OpenSea.

The pause feature should be used for the migration to the L2 (Arbitrum), to make a snapshot of NFT owners. This means that buyers which would have bought the NFT after the snapshot was taken would not be able to claim on L2, and see their token become worthless 

## Vulnerability Detail

FootiumClub inherits ERC721Upgradeable class, it is not aware of the pausable abilities of the child contract:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-footium/blob/main/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumClub.sol#L16

When the admin pauses the contract, only methods explicitely using whenNotPaused modifier would be impacted, in this case only safeMint:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-footium/blob/main/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumClub.sol#L56-L69

This means that `transfer` can still be called, and tokens can still be traded on secondary.

### Detailed scenario

Alice owns FootiumClub NFT of tokenId: 1234

Alice makes an offer for selling this token for 0.2 eth on Opensea.

Unknowingly to Alice & Bob, Footium team makes the snapshot for L2 migration.
Footium team pauses the FootiumClub NFT contract, in order to freeze token ownership.

Since transfers are not actually paused, Bob takes Alice's offer on Opensea.

The snapshot had already been taken, so only Alice can claim the equivalent club on L2, and Bob is rugged

## Impact

Pausing the NFT contract still enables transfers, and selling on secondary.

## Code Snippet

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation

FootiumClub should inherit ERC721PausableUpgradeable class of openzeppelin-contracts-upgradeable, implementing a check on paused in _beforeTokenTransfer hook:
https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts-upgradeable/blob/dd8ca8adc47624c5c5e2f4d412f5f421951dcc25/contracts/token/ERC721/extensions/ERC721PausableUpgradeable.sol#L37-L46