Deep Canvas Otter

high

# Double Minting Vulnerability

## Summary
The `FootiumPlayer` contract has a security flaw that allows multiple minting of the same player. This occurs because the `safeMint` function, responsible for minting new players, fails to add the player to the mapping. This leaves the door open for malicious actors to mint a player, and then exploit the `mintPlayer` function to mint the same player again, effectively creating counterfeit NFTs.
## Vulnerability Detail
The `safeMint` function is responsible for minting new Footium football players. However, it does not check whether the player has already been minted before being minted again. This means that if a malicious actor mints a player, they could then use the `mintPlayer` function in FootiumAcademi.sol to mint the same player again. This would allow them to create multiple copies of the same player, which could be used to artificially inflate the value of the player or to create counterfeit NFTs.
## Impact
This vulnerability could have a significant impact on the security and integrity of the FootiumPlayer contract. By allowing players to be minted multiple times, the contract could be used to create counterfeit NFTs or artificially inflate the value of players. This could damage the reputation of the project and erode the trust of investors.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-footium/blob/main/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumPlayer.sol#L61-L71
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To address this vulnerability, the safeMint function should be modified to check whether the player has already been minted before being minted again. This can be done by adding it to the mapping like the one used in the FootiumAcademi.sol:
```solidity
_mintedPlayers[playerId] = true;
```
This would ensure that a player can only be minted once, preventing the same player from being minted multiple times.
