Cold Macaroon Rook

high

# Minting of initial players may be diverted to arbitrary addresses different from the one indexed

## Summary

The minting process of initial players in the `FootiumClubMinter` contract may be diverted to arbitrary addresses, potentially leading to double spending or undefined behavior.

## Vulnerability Detail

In the `mint` function of the `FootiumClubMinter` contract, the club owner is re-evaluated on each iteration as the recipient of the initial players. This means that if the club is transferred in the `onERC721Received` hook called when the club (as shown in this [Foundry test](https://gist.github.com/0xEVom/6d17572a25fc9fb5e88b033ccc42babc)) or each player are minted, the new players will be minted to a different owner than initially intended. Furthermore, the `to` address in the `InitialPlayerMinted` event, which is supposed to represent the recipient of the minted players, is always the initial recipient of the club and will therefore be inaccurate.

```solidity
function mint(address to, uint256 tokenId) external onlyOwner {
    // Mint the club
    footiumClub.safeMint(to, tokenId);

    // Mint the initial players for that club
    for (uint256 i; i < INITIAL_MINT; ) {
        uint256 playerId = footiumPlayer.safeMint(
            footiumClub.ownerOf(tokenId)
        );
        emit InitialPlayerMinted(tokenId, i, playerId, to);

        unchecked {
            i++;
        }
    }
}
```

## Impact

The `InitialPlayerMinted` event is indexed by the core Footium engine, which means that any discrepancy between the `to` address in the event and the actual recipient of the minted players could lead to significant issues. If exploited, this could result in double spending or undefined behavior. This could compromise the integrity of the Footium engine and lead to financial loss.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-footium/blob/main/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumClubMinter.sol#L75-L78

## Tool used

Foundry

## Recommendation

Mint all players to the same address as the club.

```diff
         // Mint the initial players for that club
         for (uint256 i; i < INITIAL_MINT; ) {
-            uint256 playerId = footiumPlayer.safeMint(
-                footiumClub.ownerOf(tokenId)
-            );
+            uint256 playerId = footiumPlayer.safeMint(to);
             emit InitialPlayerMinted(tokenId, i, playerId, to);
```