Prehistoric Steel Antelope

medium

# The Club NFT owner at the end of the league might be different from the owner at the moment when the Merkle Tree is generated, leading to a different prize recipient.

## Summary
Prize recipients are decided based on the club NFT owners, and stored in a Merkle tree which is created off-chain. There will be a time lag between the end of a league and the generation of the Merkle tree. The owner of the same NFT at these two different timestamps might be different, which will lead to unfair prize distribution.

## Vulnerability Detail
Club NFTs give users the right to play the Footium game. Users earn prizes by playing games, and these prize amounts are stored in a Merkle tree which is generated off-chain at the end of a season.

[https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-footium/blob/main/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumPrizeDistributor.sol#L109C2-L130C10](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-footium/blob/main/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumPrizeDistributor.sol#L109C2-L130C10)

```solidity
    function claimERC20Prize(
        address _to,
        IERC20Upgradeable _token,
        uint256 _amount,
        bytes32[] calldata _proof
    ) external whenNotPaused nonReentrant {
     //...

        // Checks the Merkle proof, which is constructed as a hash of
        // the token address, the receiver address and the amount
        if (
            !MerkleProofUpgradeable.verify(
                _proof,
                erc20MerkleRoot,
                keccak256(abi.encode(_token, _to, _amount))
            )
    //...
```

Prize recipients are the club NFT owners and the decision of the prize recipient is made based on the **owner at the moment when the Merkle tree is created**, not the owner when the league is finished. There will be a time lag between the end of a season and the generation of the Merkle tree since it is generated off-chain. NFT transfers during this time lag will result in different prize recipients.

Malicious users who are aware of this situation might gain an advantage by buying a prize-earner club immediately after the season ends.

Let's imagine this scenario:

* Bob has a club NFT, which is a mid-range club with a league position between 10-13.
    
    The first 9 positions in a league earn prizes [according to the protocol's articles](https://medium.com/footium/footium-prize-pools-fb566f452299).
    
* Bob plays the game but also puts his NFT on sale since the team is not that good and doesn't earn a prize.
    
* Charlie keeps track of the already on-sale but out of the first 9 position teams.
    
* Bob's team suddenly jumps to 8th place in the last match of the league and the league finishes.
    
* Charlie sees this and immediately buys Bob's club NFT, and other NFTs with the same situation.
    
* Merkle tree is generated after this and the prize recipient is Charlie instead of Bob.  
    Bob should be the prize recipient even if he sells his NFT after a season ends
    

From Charlie's perspective, it is like knowing the lottery result before buying a ticket. He won't buy any NFT if none of them reaches the top 9 position, and will buy if there is a profit. There is no risk for Charlie (It is different than buying a **possible** prize-earner club in the last week. In that scenario the results are not certain and there is still a risk). 

The prize recipient should be the club NFT owner **at the timestamp when the league is finished**. Even if the off-chain Merkle tree generation is automated and quick, there will always be a time lag and this lag can be more than enough for a transaction, especially in Arbitrum.

By the way, there doesn't need to be a malicious actor. Just a regular transfer may be finalized between these two timestamps (end of a league / Merkle tree generation).

**Note for judges:** I contacted the sponsor to understand how prize recipients are decided, asked about this situation and got a response saying it is worth raising. I don't like sharing private Discord messages as a screenshot in public submissions, but I can share them with judges if they request.

## Impact

- Prize recipient might be a different person than the one who completed the league.
- Game economy will be affected, leading to user dissatisfaction and trust issues, which harms the protocol in the long-run. 

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-footium/blob/main/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumPrizeDistributor.sol#L109C5-L127C14

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-footium/blob/main/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumPrizeDistributor.sol#L155C1-L175C10

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
I would recommend fetching the snapshot data of NFT ownerships at the end of the league while generating Merkle trees for prize distribution.