Deep Canvas Otter

medium

# NFT Ownership Ambiguity in Hard Fork Scenarios

## Summary
In the current implementation of the tokenURI function in the NFT contract, there is no mechanism to differentiate between NFT ownership across multiple chains during a hard fork. This could lead to confusion and potential ownership disputes among NFT holders.
## Vulnerability Detail
During a hard fork, the blockchain splits into two separate chains, each with its unique chain ID. The current tokenURI function would return the same URI for both chains, despite the fact that the NFT ownership on each chain is distinct. This could lead to NFT holders being unsure of which chain holds valid ownership of their NFTs, potentially leading to disputes and legal complications.
## Impact
This vulnerability poses a significant threat to the integrity of NFT ownership and could have detrimental consequences for NFT holders, marketplaces, and the overall NFT ecosystem. If left unresolved, it could lead to:

* Ownership Disputes: Conflicting URI responses for the same NFT across different chains could lead to disputes among NFT holders, potentially requiring legal intervention to determine the rightful owner.

* Market Disruption: Uncertainty regarding NFT ownership could disrupt NFT marketplaces, causing fluctuating NFT values and eroding trust in the project.

* User Confusion: The lack of clear ownership identification could confuse NFT holders, hindering their ability to manage their assets effectively and potentially leading to unintended transactions or asset losses.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-footium/blob/main/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumClub.sol#L61-L63
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To address this vulnerability, it is crucial to incorporate chain ID verification into the tokenURI function. This would enable the function to determine the current chain ID and return the corresponding URI for that chain, ensuring that NFT holders always receive accurate information about their NFT ownership status.

The recommended solution involves adding the following line to the tokenURI function:
```solidity
require(42161 == chain.chainId);
```
This line checks if the current chain ID is 42161, ensuring that the function only returns the URI for the Arbitrum (or the chain with chain ID 42161). For other chains, the function should return an error or an appropriate message indicating that the NFT is not valid on that chain.

By implementing this solution, the contract can provide users with clear and accurate information about their NFT ownership across different chains, minimizing the risk of ambiguity and ownership disputes.