Future Satin Owl

medium

# Potential Risks and Implications of Changing `baseURI` in NFT Contracts

## Summary
This report addresses the potential concerns associated with the `baseURI` modification in the `FootiumClub` and `FootiumPlayer` NFT contracts. These contracts, being upgradeable and part of a broader NFT ecosystem, have functionalities that allow the `baseURI` to be altered post-deployment. This change could impact the NFT metadata and thereby affect various holders and associated parties.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `baseURI` in an NFT contract serves as the foundational endpoint for the token's metadata.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-footium/blob/main/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumClub.sol#L81-L83
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-footium/blob/main/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumPlayer.sol#L73-L78

```solidity
    /**
     * @notice Returns token base metadata URI
     */
    function _baseURI() internal view override returns (string memory) {
        return _base;
    }
```
NFT metadata is typically retrieved by concatenating the base URI with the token ID as evidenced from the parental `ERC721Upgradeable.tokenURI()` of  `FootiumClub` and `FootiumPlayer` NFT contracts:

https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts-upgradeable/blob/master/contracts/token/ERC721/ERC721Upgradeable.sol#L107-L115

```solidity
    /**
     * @dev See {IERC721Metadata-tokenURI}.
     */
    function tokenURI(uint256 tokenId) public view virtual returns (string memory) {
        _requireOwned(tokenId);

        string memory baseURI = _baseURI();
        return bytes(baseURI).length > 0 ? string.concat(baseURI, tokenId.toString()) : "";
    }
```
If your contract uses this mechanism (which is very common), changing the base URI will change the metadata URL for all NFTs, both minted and unminted. As such, modifying it post-minting can lead to unintended alterations in the metadata of already minted NFTs. This change is critical because NFT metadata often includes crucial details such as images, attributes, and descriptions, which are integral to the NFT's value and uniqueness. Marketplaces and other platforms displaying these NFTs will automatically update the metadata display based on the new base URI. This might impact how these NFTs are viewed and traded, leading to issues like broken images or missing information on platforms that display your NFTs.

If collectors or applications depend on the original metadata, such changes can be disruptive. Additionally, any integrations or applications using these NFTs might need to accommodate changes in metadata. This could require additional development work. 

## Impact
The impact of changing the `baseURI` can be varied:

- Metadata Integrity: Changes could disrupt the expected metadata, leading to confusion or dissatisfaction among NFT owners.
- Market Perception: Sudden or unannounced changes might affect the project's reputation, potentially leading to a decline in market confidence and value.
- Ecosystem Disruption: Applications and marketplaces relying on consistent metadata may face operational challenges.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-footium/blob/main/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumClub.sol#L56-L63
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-footium/blob/main/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumPlayer.sol#L80-L87

```solidity
    /**
     * @notice Sets the base metadata URI.
     * @param baseURI New base metadata URI to be set.
     * @dev Only the contract owner can set a new URI.
     */
    function setBaseURI(string calldata baseURI) public onlyOwner {
        _base = baseURI;
    }
```
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Ideally, key aspects like base URI should be immutable or have very restricted mutability to ensure consistency and reliability.

If changes are necessary, have the following recommendations in mind:
- **Clear Communication**: Before any change, transparently inform all holders about the reasons and implications.
- **Governance Mechanism**: Implement a decision-making process, possibly involving community input or votes, for such changes.
- **Metadata Versioning**: Adopt a versioning system for metadata to track changes and provide transparency.
- **Fallback Options**: Consider having mechanisms to revert to previous URIs if the change leads to significant issues.