Main Rose Boa

medium

# Calling `FootiumAcademy::mintPlayer` from inside the function `FootiumClubMinter::mint` can break player identification logic

## Summary

The function `FootiumAcademy::mintPlayer` can be called from inside the function `FootiumClubMinter::mint` which can break the sequential minting process of the 20 players and sends faulty events to the off-chain process.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `FootiumClubMinter::mint` function is designed to mint a club and its associated squad of players sequentially. The playerId string (the player representation) are constructed based on the combination of `tokenId` (clubId), the minting season (the uint256 playerId token counter) , and the index in the initial minting sequence (which would be `i` in the function `FootiumClubMinter::mint` ).
Example : suppose the player token counter is at 100 and the club ID is 5.
The events would mint the players : From `5-101-0` to `5-120-19`.

However, if the `FootiumAcademy::mintPlayer` function is called externally during the minting of the players, it could mint a player out of sequence. This disrupts the expected sequential order, resulting in players with non-sequential IDs like "5-106-5" followed by "5-108-6", skipping "5-107-6" if `FootiumAcademy::mintPlayer` intervenes when the 6th player is minted. 

This can happen if the function `FootiumAcademy::mintPlayer` can be called for `msg.value == 0` during for example a giveaway. The club owner can time this, to create a new club, when the Owner calls the `mint` function (let's call it club B), and call the `mintPlayer` on the previously owned club (let's call it club A) from inside the Owner's call when the players are getting minted to the club owner's malicious contract.

This can be achieved using a customized `onERC721Received` function that would trigger the `mintPlayer` for a `msg.value = 0`.


## Impact

- The off-chain process expects players to be represented with sequentially assigned IDs during an initial minting process for a club. Non-sequential minting will break the logical tracking and representation of players. This can create issues on the validity and integrity of the data inside the game.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-footium/blob/main/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumClubMinter.sol#L75-L78

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-footium/blob/main/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumAcademy.sol#L96
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-footium/blob/main/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumAcademy.sol#L124-L126

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

As this is linked to off-chain logic process, either this would require changing the logic for identifying the players. Or add checks to lock the minting process for sequential playerId inside the function `FootiumAcademy::mintPlayer`