Sour Cobalt Tardigrade

high

# Uncontrolled Minting During Pause :: Unauthorized Player Creation.

## Summary
The `whenNotPaused` modifier suggests only the owner should be able to call the function when the contract is paused. However, there's no explicit access control check within the function itself to enforce this restriction.
## Vulnerability Detail
The function `mintPlayer` is marked with the `whenNotPaused` modifier, which suggests that the owner should control pausing and activating the contract. However, the function does not explicitly check the caller’s address within the function body, to ensure that only the owner can call it during a paused state. This could potentially allow anyone to call the function and mint players even when the contract is intended to be inactive.
## Impact
- Uncontrolled Player Creation: Malicious actors or unauthorized users could mint players during a supposed pause, impacting game balance and potentially manipulating market dynamics.
- Disrupted Gameplay: Unexpected player creation during a planned pause might disrupt ongoing events or competitions, frustrating users and affecting gameplay experience.
- Loss of Trust and Confidence: Lack of enforced pause restrictions can damage user trust in the contract's integrity and transparency.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-footium/blob/main/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumAcademy.sol#L96-L103
## Tool used
- Manual Review
## Test Case and logs
A possible test case to demonstrate this vulnerability is:

- Alice is the owner of the contract and the game.
- Bob is an unauthorized user who wants to mint players during a paused state.
- Alice pauses the contract for a planned maintenance.
- Bob calls the `mintPlayer` function with a valid club ID, player ID, and proof of minting.
- Bob successfully mints the player during a paused state.

A possible log with code for this test case is:
```solidity
// Alice pauses the contract for a planned maintenance
footium.pauseContract();

// Bob calls the mintPlayer function with a valid club ID, player ID, and proof of minting
footium.mintPlayer(1, "Bob", [0xabcdef123456789]);

// Bob successfully mints the player during a paused state
assert(footium.ownerOf(1) == Bob);
```
## Recommendation
A possible recommendation to fix this vulnerability is to add an explicit check for the caller’s address within the function body, using the `msg.sender` variable and the owner state variable. This can provide an additional layer of security and prevent potential bypasses of the access control mechanism.
```diff
function mintPlayer(
    uint256 clubId,
    string calldata playerId,
    bytes32[] calldata mintProof
  ) external payable whenNotPaused nonReentrant {
+    // Check if the caller is the owner
+    require(msg.sender == owner, "Not the owner");
    // Ensures that the player has not been minted before
    require(_mintedPlayers[playerId] == false, "Player already minted");

```