Main Rose Boa

medium

# Inconsistencies in the player identification system

## Summary

The system's reliance on an ever-increasing token counter and the concatenation of club ID with other elements for the `playerId` string generation could lead to unclear or misleading player identifiers.

## Vulnerability Detail

The player identification system currently uses a concatenation method that includes the club ID, an ever-increasing token counter, and the index. These information are provided by the function `FootiumClubMinter::mint` function from the event emited after the minting. This approach has two main issues:

1. The token counter used in the `playerId` string continuously increases, potentially resulting in a non-intuitive player IDs, such as "140-9356-10". Such a format might be challenging for off-chain processes to interpret meaningfully, especially as the numbers grow large.

2. Since the `playerId` string incorporates the club ID at the time of minting, it might become misleading or nonsensical if a player NFT is transferred to a different club owner. The `playerId` would still reference the original club ID, not reflecting the current ownership or club affiliation.

When minting a player using `FootiumAcademy::mintPlayer`, the playerAssetId will most likely not reflect the token counter used in the playerId string identifier. Which means there will be a mismatch between the playerId ex: "140-9356-10" and playerAssetId let's say 10000. 


## Impact

The current system could lead to confusion in player identification, making it difficult for users and off-chain processes to understand and interpret player IDs accurately.


## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-footium/blob/main/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumClubMinter.sol#L78

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-footium/blob/main/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumAcademy.sol#L124

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Implement a more intuitive and consistent method for generating playerId strings. Adapt the player identification system to reflect current club ownership or affiliation.