Alert Citron Pangolin

medium

# **FootiumGeneralPaymentContract.sol:makePayment()** can potentially lead to a loss of funds for the user

## Summary
From the docs: 
> The makePayment function allows club owners to make payments for future features using ETH. It takes two arguments, the club ID and a message describing the feature to pay for.

Upon further discussion with the sponsor, the way this works is that their off-chain indexer indexes all the **PaymentMade** events and unlocks features for players based on these emitted events. 

This is the event: 
```solidity
event PaymentMade(
        uint256 indexed clubId,
        uint256 indexed amount,
        string message
    );
```

The important parameter here is the string **message** which is used to identify the different features.
The problem with this function is that a user can use an arbitrary input for this parameter in the **makePayment()** call. Even the default zero value for example which can lead to a potential loss of funds for the user.

This can lead to a potential loss of funds in case the user either uses the wrong message for the feature they want to pay for or does not specify any message at all which leads to the indexer not correctly indexing this payment and therefore not unlocking the feature for the user. 

The lack of any state variables tracking features, their corresponding price and the users that paid for them also opens up the possibility that users eventually use the right **_message** input for the feature they want to pay for but accidentally send too much eth with the call which they would not get a refund for.

They could also accidentally pay for the same feature multiple times.

## Vulnerability Detail
Heavily relying on off-chain mechanisms for unlocking new features to users can lead to a loss of funds for users in multiple different ways:

Example:
Alice wants to pay for **Feature X** with a price of **1 ether**. The **_message** input she should use for this feature is "training feature" 
The current implementation opens up multiple possibilities for stuff to go wrong here.

1. Alice uses either the wrong **_message** input or none at all. (This could be because of mistyping for example)
-> off-chain indexer wouldn't index the emitted event correctly. Alice does not unlock the desired feature and loses funds.

## Impact
Potential loss of funds

## Code Snippet

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Use state variables to track features, their price and the users that paid for these features and add additional checks in the **makePayment()** function.
