Droll Chiffon Liger

medium

# Merkle leaf values for ethMerkleRoot are 64 bytes before hashing which can lead to merkle tree collisions

## Summary
`FootiumPrizeDistributor.claimETHPrize` hashes 64 bytes when calculating leaf allowing it to collide with the internal nodes of the merkle tree.


## Vulnerability Detail

As described in the previous [issue](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-footium-judging/issues/300), MerkleProofUpgradeable.sol has the following warning:

>  * WARNING: You should avoid using leaf values that are 64 bytes long prior to
> * hashing, or use a hash function other than keccak256 for hashing leaves.
> * This is because the concatenation of a sorted pair of internal nodes in
> * the merkle tree could be reinterpreted as a leaf value.

However, the function `claimETHPrize` in 
[FootiumPrizeDistributor.sol#L167-L175](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-footium/blob/dae0b4b33a1634187188076e1a78ca717a250cd4/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumPrizeDistributor.sol#L167-L175) calculates the leaf with 64 bytes data.

```solidity
        if (
            !MerkleProofUpgradeable.verify(
                _proof,
                ethMerkleRoot,
                keccak256(abi.encode(_to, _amount)) //@audit 64 bytes before hashing allows collisions with internal nodes
            )
        ) {
            revert InvalidETHMerkleProof();
        }
```

`abi.encode` converts each parameter into 32 bytes of data and concatenates them together, so the leaf before hashing is 64 bytes long. This allows collision between leaves and internal nodes. These collisions allow users to claim a specific amount of ETH, thus stealing ETH from the contract, resulting in a loss of funds for the contract.


## Impact
Users can abuse merkle tree collisions to claim extra ETH from the contract.


## Code Snippet
[FootiumPrizeDistributor.sol#L167-L175](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-footium/blob/dae0b4b33a1634187188076e1a78ca717a250cd4/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumPrizeDistributor.sol#L167-L175)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Use a combination of variables that doesn't sum to 64 bytes.