Clumsy Pistachio Opossum

medium

# Potential Loss of ERC20 Prize Claimability in FootiumPrizeDistributor:claimERC20Prize Due to Blacklist ERC20 Tokens

## Summary
The `claimERC20Prize` function in the FootiumPrizeDistributor contract is vulnerable, preventing users from claiming eligible reward tokens if the token has a blacklist function. 

## Vulnerability Detail
The root cause of the vulnerability is that the `claimERC20Prize` function uses fixed values for the recipient address (_to), which is encoded into the merkle root. This design flaw becomes critical when the reward token, such as USDT, implements a blacklist function. In such cases, users may be blacklisted, preventing them from claiming their ERC20 prize tokens. What's more, the hardcoded recipient address prevents user from selecting another wallet to receive the rewards which should help escape the blacklist issue.

```solidity
// File: footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumPrizeDistributor.sol
109:    function claimERC20Prize(
        ...
126:                keccak256(abi.encode(_token, _to, _amount)) // <= FOUND: not work properly if the token has a blacklist function ie. USDT, USDC.
...
145:    }
```

## Impact
The impact of this vulnerability is significant. Users are unable to claim their ERC20 prize tokens if the reward token implements a blacklist function. Consequently, the prize tokens become permanently unclaimable, resulting in a loss for the affected users.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-footium/blob/main/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumPrizeDistributor.sol#L126

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
It is recommended to modify the `claimERC20Prize` function to verify the proof against `msg.sender` instead of the hardcoded recipient address (_to). Additionally, the use of _to should be a dynamic parameter to receive the tokens, and the `totalERC20Claimed` should be updated according to `msg.sender`.