Prehistoric Steel Antelope

high

# Some prizes can not be claimable and will be locked forever due to prizes being tied to accounts, not NFTs.

## Vulnerability Detail
This protocol is a blockchain gaming protocol where the users own their in-game assets, play, and earn prizes with their assets. This is the most important argument of the blockchain gaming industry: ownership of assets, and the ability to use your assets however you like.

Users play a football manager game in this protocol, the first 9 spots in a league earn prizes, and a Merkle tree is generated at the end of every season to prove who earned how much. This Merkle tree is generated based on who owns the NFT at that time and holds the [lifetime value earned by the user](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-footium/blob/main/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumPrizeDistributor.sol#L177C2-L180C52)(Club NFT owner at that time).

Here is the crucial part: Prizes are tied to accounts, not NFTs themselves.  
Merkle Tree stores the total earned prizes by an account, and the smart contract tracks the [total claimed prizes by an account](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-footium/blob/main/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumPrizeDistributor.sol#L29C1-L31C57).

```solidity
    mapping(IERC20Upgradeable => mapping(address => uint256)) private totalERC20Claimed;
    mapping(address => uint256) private totalETHClaimed;
```

Everything is okay so far. Where is the issue?

Let's go back to the **ownership** argument. Players can do whatever they want with their NFTs. They can play the game, they can store it in a cold wallet, transfer to someone etc.

Now imagine this scenario:

* The year 2024-2025, and the bull market comes. This time it is not DeFi summer, it is GameFi summer.
    Blockchain gaming is very popular, and Footium Club NFTs gained a lot of value.
    
* Bob is a long-time holder of the Club NFT and also plays the game.  
    In this game, every season is around 1 month in real life.
    
* Bob plays the current season for 25 days. The season is about to finish and his team is in a good position. He will certainly win some prizes.
    
* Bob needs some money but he doesn't want to sell his Footium NFT because the Footium is quite popular and will probably be worth much more in the future.
    
* He decides to take a loan by providing his Footium NFT as collateral.  
    He may use [NFTfi](https://nftfi.com/), [Arcade](https://www.arcade.xyz/), or many others.  
    NFT is transferred to an escrow contract or a vault depending on the protocol.
    
* League finishes.
    
* Bob pays his debt 1 week later and gets his NFT back. He thinks he can claim his earned prizes.
    
* He doesn't have the prize. What?
    
* Because the prizes are tied to accounts and not the NFTs themselves, that season's prize earner is appointed as the NFT lending platform's vault/escrow.  
    This is because the owner of the NFT is the vault/escrow at the moment when the Merkle tree is generated.
    
* That vault/escrow contract of course does not have a way to call the `FootiumPrizeDistributor::claimETHPrize`.
    
* The prize is locked in the `FootiumPrizeDistributor` contract since no one can claim it (*The contract also does not have a withdrawal method to save locked funds*).

I also would like to point out that this can not be considered a user mistake since there is no warning regarding how the players should use their club NFTs, and there is no warning that explains users must hold their NFTs in their wallet when the league ends.

## Impact

- Some prizes will be locked in the contract.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-footium/blob/main/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumPrizeDistributor.sol#L29C1-L31C57

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-footium/blob/main/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumPrizeDistributor.sol#L109C2-L194C6

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
It is hard to recommend a solution blindly and it depends on how the protocol wants to approach this. 

If the protocol wants to give flexibility to its users in terms of asset ownership, then the protocol should track prizes with NFTs themselves not with the accounts. NFTs should have an internal value of earned prizes and claimed prizes. This will probably require much more work, but it also matches the main idea of asset ownership behind blockchain gaming.

The other option is restricting users' actions. The protocol should warn users regularly to hold their tokens in their wallet, especially during the time at the end of the season when the Merkle tree is generated.  The protocol should tell its users they may lose their prizes if they transfer their tokens to other vaults. In the meantime, the protocol might need to add a withdraw function to save locked tokens in case of non-compliant users.

The second option is much easier to implement but unfortunately, it contradicts the asset ownership idea which is the starting point of blockchain gaming in the first place.
