Interesting Misty Puma

medium

# `FootiumGeneralPaymentContract.sol#makePayment` does not enforce a price.

## Summary

Club owners may make calls to [`FootiumGeneralPaymentContract.sol#makePayment`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-footium/blob/617cbc3df2fb51d9e8e5c701355efec4d4193d55/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumGeneralPaymentContract.sol#L84) to submit downpayments for new features, however there is no price enforced, allowing the caller to generate a `PaymentMade` event for any non-zero `msg.value` i.e. `1 wei`.

## Vulnerability Detail

[`FootiumGeneralPaymentContract.sol`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-footium/blob/main/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumGeneralPaymentContract.sol) enables club owners to pay for new features, requiring that the caller define without restriction:

- The `string calldata _message` describing the feature.
- The `msg.value` to submit.

Without proper standardization, it is impossible to appropriate pricing for specific features.

## Impact

- Without standardization of features by identifier (such as using a unique `uint256` instead of a `string`), a manually-intensive off-chain process may be required to correctly identify which payments correspond to which requested feature.
- Without enforcement of a feature-specific price (or even a minimum price for each request), a caller is permitted to request features using the minimum possible value of `1 wei`.
  - Given the aforementioned manually-intensive nature of identifying and reconciling feature requests, this could be griefed by spamming feature requests.
- Callers are not prevented from potentially overpaying for a feature request.
  - Any excess in feature payments will demand additional manual reconciliation.

## Code Snippet

```solidity
/**
 * @notice Makes a payment for the given feature.
 * @param _clubId Club ID.
 * @param _message A message describing a feature to pay for.
 * @dev This function is payable.
 * Emits a {PaymentMade} event.
 */
function makePayment(uint256 _clubId, string calldata _message)
    external
    payable
    whenNotPaused
    nonReentrant
{
    // Require that the sender is the owner of the club
    if (msg.sender != footiumClub.ownerOf(_clubId)) {
        revert NotClubOwner(_clubId, msg.sender);
    }

    // Require that the payment amount is greater than 0
    if (msg.value <= 0) {
        revert IncorrectETHAmount(msg.value);
    }

    // Send the payment to the payment receiver address
    (bool sent, ) = paymentReceiverAddress.call{value: msg.value}("");
    if (!sent) {
        revert FailedToSendETH(msg.value);
    }

    emit PaymentMade(_clubId, msg.value, _message);
}
```

## Tool used

Visual Studio Code

## Recommendation

Consider implementing an administrator-controlled registry which defines specific feature identifiers and their corresponding prices, and have these properties enforced when making a call to `makePayment`.
